Update DEPLOY.md (#5554)
cypress-io/cypress: DEPLOY.md

### Steps to Publish a New Version

> 0. Make sure that if there is a new [`cypress-example-kitchensink`][cypress-example-kitchensink] version, the corresponding dependency in `packages/example` has been updated to that new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Make sure that if there is a new [`cypress-example-kitchensink`][https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink/releases] version, the corresponding dependency in `packages/example` has been updated to that new version.
```

    ```
    npm run binary-release -- --version 3.4.0 --commit`
    ```

> 9. If needed, push out the updated changes to the docs manifest to `on.cypress.io`.

Reviewer: Nice to mention this, I always forget this.

> 10. If needed, push out an updated [`cypress-example-kitchensink`][cypress-example-kitchensink] on `example.cypress.io`

Reviewer: I'm not sure how fully you want to document this here, but how would you push this out? Is there some script or something that should be run?

Author: I honestly don't know, I think Brian has a script or something, @brian-mann?

> 10. If needed, push out an updated [`cypress-example-kitchensink`][cypress-example-kitchensink] on `example.cypress.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. If needed, deploy the updated [`cypress-example-kitchensink`][cypress-example-kitchensink] to `example.cypress.io` by following [these instructions under "Deployment"](./packages/example/README.md).
```
